Update README.md (#43)
triggermesh/bumblebee: README.md

# Bumblebee: A CloudEvents Transformer

> Bumblebee allows you to transform [CloudEvents](https://cloudevents.io/) with an object of kind `Transformation`. A Transformation is an addressable custom resource based on Knative Serving 

Author: ```suggestion
Bumblebee allows you to transform [CloudEvents](https://cloudevents.io/) via an object of kind `Transformation`. A Transformation object creates an addressable custom resource based on Knative Serving 
```

aimed at flexible CloudEvents modifications. When you create a
Transformation object, the controller creates a Knative Service that 

> accepts CloudEvents, applies the declared transformation and replies with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accepts CloudEvents, applies the declared transformation and replies with a
```

new CloudEvent or forwards it to another addressable resource.

## Installation

Bumblebee can be compiled and deployed from source with [ko](https://github.com/google/ko):

```
ko apply -f ./config
```

You can verify that it installed successfully by checking the CRD:

```

> $ kubectl get crd | grep transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl get crd transformations.flow.triggermesh.io
```

transformations.flow.triggermesh.io                  2020-08-19T13:13:09Z
```

And checking that the controller is running:

```

> $ kubectl get pods -n transformation | grep transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl get pods -n transformation -l app=transformation-controller
```

transformation-controller-6bdc658bf8-pwblp                1/1     Running   0          5d19h
```

A custom resource of kind `Transformation` can now be created, check a [sample](https://github.com/triggermesh/bumblebee/blob/master/config/samples/simple-event/transformation.yaml).

## Operations

> Current Bumblebee supports the following basic transformation operations:

Author: ```suggestion
Currently Bumblebee supports the following basic transformation operations:
```

      value: $ceType
```

## Sample with Event Routing

> Transformations are useful to modify the payload and cloudevent event attributes when an event is routed to a Target (aka event sink) that needs to receive a specific event type and payload. The cloudevent can be routed to a Transformation addressable via a specific Trigger where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transformations are useful to modify the payload and CloudEvent context attributes when an event is routed to a Target (aka event sink) that needs to receive a specific event type and payload. The CloudEvent can be routed to a Transformation addressable via a specific Trigger where
```
